###Index Generation:

1.  `gem generate_index` => generate the index for the provided directory.
2.  Need to check how to do it when the real deal is on s3.
    + Read the implementation of generate_index in search of the necessary wisdom
    - It grabs the specs from the .gem using Gem::Package.new(.gem).spec (from rubygems/package)
    - The rubygems indexer acts on a list of simplified specs (probably for size and mem consumption reasons
    - The simplified (abbreviated) version removes the /(?:test_)?files/, cert_chain and rdoc informations
    - It does some sanitization for the specs, mainly the strings for author names and what not.
    - The index is then generated by Marshaling an **Array** of _[gem name, gem version, gem platform]_
    - There's an index for prerelease, released and latest (only the current versions of all gems)
    - For the quick index, the takes gemspec adds the .rz and Marshal dumps a deflated version of it on the /quick/ subdir
        + Not sure of it's use yet
    - I can probably cache the abbreviated specs somewhere (DB?) and feed them directly to the indexer in some way.
        + Since it operates over Gem::Specification I'd probably need to use add_specs to feed it all the gems.
        + Or I'll have to reimplement the indexer which leads to brittle everything is Rubygems changes.
        - Check the approach adopted by Rubygems.org to indexing. They probably cache this data somehow.
        - If the cached object keeps the contract, seems that Gem::Specification could care less.
3.  Generate the index as a queued job since it can take a few seconds to run?


###API URIs

1. Check the URIs needed for both rubygems and bundler.
    2. Install:
        3. first of all it hits the /api/v1/dependencies using HEAD (gem) or GET (bundler), the response is a simple 200 OK
        3. Next it asks the dependency list of the needed gems using /api/v1/dependencies?gem=GEM_LIST
            + Returns an Array of Hashes with the name, (version) number, platform and dependencies for the requested list
            + Basically it just matches the gem names and return every dependency of all versions of said gems.
            + It could be solved with a quick DB query for exact name match as unknown gems could be a factor
        3. It then proceed to download the .gem and the gemspec.rz files and installs it.
        3. There are the /Marshal.4.8 and the /quick/Marshal... paths that are used to get the deflated gemspec and the .gems (or so it seems)

